they complete this work
top to bottom? If
that's true, you've probably
written a high quality
prompt. And imagine you
hand them 10 additional
prompts. don't change the
prompt format every single
time. This is why
this consistency is so
important. All right. So
if you open up
variables here in our
parallel sub agents, you
can see we have
two positional dynamic variables,
prompt request and count.
Right. And you can
quickly understand this prompt
by reading the purpose,
right. File workflow, launch
count in parallel to
accomplish tasks detailed in
prompt requests. All right.
And then in the
workflow, step-by-step play nested